Removal of repeatable parameters (#190)
se-edu/addressbook-level3: docs/UserGuide.md

* Parameters can be in any order.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

* Parameters that is expected to only appear once in the command will be treated as an invalid command if you specified it multiple times.<br>

>   e.g. if you specify `p/12341234 p/56785678`, the application will treat this as an invalid command.

Reviewer: Good catch.
1. As this was a 'special' behavior, we had to specifically mention it in the UG. But now that we have removed that special behavior, just removing the said documentation is enough. No need to explain the updated behavior, as that is what one would expect anyway.
2. This UG change is tightly related to the behavior change. Should be in the same commit. Each commit should take the code from one 'correct' state to another 'correct' state. A commit that updates the behavior without updating the UG takes the code to an incorrect state.

> * Parameters can be in any order.<br>

Reviewer: Added a few cosmetic suggestions.

Commit message:
```
Currently, the behavior of repeated parameters in AddCommand and
EditCommand is to consider the last value used. This behavior can be
confusing and difficult to work with. Therefore, instead of allowing
repeatable parameters, it is better to present them as a Command Error
to the user.
```
Has vague parts e.g., 'difficult to work with' (why is it difficult to work with?)
You can refine this based on the description given in https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/issues/162

```
To implement this change, the checking for duplicate parameters should
be performed before checking the validity of individual fields. In other
words, if an Add or Edit Command contains multiple duplicate fields that
are all invalid, the parsing error for duplicate fields will take precedence
over other checks for individual parameters.
```
* What is the justification for choosing this behavior? Commit messages should cover the WHY aspect. 
* This explanation doesn't cover cases of multiple values only _some_ of which are invalid. It only mentions cases where _all_ of them are invalid.

Reviewer: I added these comments sometime back but it was stuck in 'draft' status.

>   e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

Reviewer: Suggested tweaks to the commit message:

```
Remove support for repeated parameters in commands

If a single-valued parameter is repeated multiple times in a 
command, only the last occurrence is taken.  This allows the user
to correct a mistake in a parameter value by simply typing it again,
which may be faster than moving the cursor back to the original
parameter values and editing it. This feature serves as a good
example of 'going the extra mile to optimize the application for
target users' (i.e., users who can type fast).
However, this feature can cause certain user errors to go unnoticed
e.g., unintended repetition caused by a typo in parameter name

Alternatives considered:
(a) Retain current behavior but give a friendly warning to the user
    that a parameter was 'overridden'. 
(b) Remove this feature i.e., treat repeated single-valued
    parameters    as an error, and reject the command with an
    error message.

Alternative (a) requires significantly more complicated code
(see #181), steepening the learning curve for for new programmers.
Given that this application is primarily meant for training
novice programmers, the impact on the learning curve is not worth
the benefit of retaining this feature.

Therefore, let's do option (b).
```

Changes: 
1. Use imperative mood in subject
2. Added more details about the alternatives and the decision

> * Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>
>   e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Extra parameters will be ignored.
  e.g. if the command is help 123`, it will be interpreted as help. This is also the case for `list`, `exit`, and `clear`.
```

Reviewer: Not related to this PR?
